## PURPOSE OF THE APP
The sole purpose of the product or the app which will be launched is to centralize the emergency healthcare system i.e a person in an emergency dials 100/101/102 (which now has been converted to 112) but sometimes is not able to connect to the hospital or the ambulance service due to heavy number of requests already lined up plus there is absolutely no way a person can contact a private hospital unless the person has the specific number of their hospital. 

This product aims to bridge that gap by connecting a person in a state of emergency to a hospital. The functionality has been explained in detail below.<br /><br /><br />



## WHAT DOES THE APP DO
The project has been uploaded on [this page](https://jstseguru.in/xhacks/)

There are basically 3 parts:

**1. User**
- Can signup
- Can signin
- Has A Dashboard
- Can Update Profile 
- Can Send Emergency Request

Login email: mehul@gmail.com
Login password: trix

Login on the page: [user dashboard](https://jstseguru.in/xhacks/)<br /><br /><br />


**2. Hospital / Admin**
- Can See Analytics
- Gets Immediate Request through Sockets
- Can See All Previous Data

_Jaypee Hospital (or Hosp 1):_
Login Email: admin@jaypee.com
Login Password: trix

_Max Hospital (or Hosp 2):_
Login Email: admin@maxhealthcare.in
Login Password: trix

_Fortis Hospital (or Hosp 3):_
Login Email: admin@fortis.com
Login Password: trix

Login on the page: [hospital dashbord](https://jstseguru.in/xhacks/dashboard/hospital/login)<br /><br /><br />


**3. Ambulance**
- Gets user location through Geolocation API and Google Maps Integration
-Gets a notice to leave for an address only when the hospital accepts it
- Small App for drivers

Jaypee Ambulance (or Hosp 1): 
Login Email: ambulance@jaypee.com
Login Password: trix

 Max Ambulance (or Hosp 2): 
Login Email: ambulance@maxhealthcare.in
Login Password: trix

Fortis Ambulance (or Hosp 3):
Login Email: ambulance@fortis.com
Login Password: trix

Login on the link: [small app for ambulance drivers](https://jstseguru.in/innovate-trix/dashboard/ambulance)<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />



## HOW WE BUILT IT
On the frontend we used HTML, CSS, Core JS, Bootstrap, jQuery while on the backend we used PHP as well as MySQL for database<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />



## TARGET MARKET ANALYSIS

**- Who are the potential customers?**
Since our product is healthcare-related, our customer base includes every single individual in India which includes those who might be in a state of emergency at any point of life or already suffers from a disease or problem that might cause a mishap in the future. As per the statistics available, India on an average receives 75,000 emergencies calls a day
 
**- Where are they located?**
The best part of our product is that it is neither restricted to any specific region of the country. Anyone present in any region of the country can access the feature as long as there is a hospital present in the nearby or surrounding areas.
 
**- How large is our target market?**
As mentioned, our target market includes every single individual in the country but going by the practicality that occurs in the ordinary business of life, only 10% of the total customers aware of the product actually avail it. This generally occurs in the case of a luxury but we believe that our product instead of being a luxury is actually a basic necessity. So, the rule of 10% customer acquisition actually holds, as we believe, invalid in our case and with that we would like to get back to the point where our target market basically includes every single individual
 
**- What section of the society is being targeted and what income groups can avail the features?**
The best part of our product is that it never charges a single rupee from the customer, our business model is to charge the hospitals to which the customers are redirected. In case of private ones, a commission is charged on the hospital bill of the patient while in the case of a government hospital, if granted the permission to get the software (product) implemented, no commission will be charged from the user or the hospital.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />



## BUSINESS PLAN
For a better flow of movement during an emergency is to create a huge network with each and every hospital in the country that are willing to connect with our database so as to allow a smooth functioning of the app. After which, users will be acquired through commercials, organic marketing, social media awareness etc. The guiding principle here is to grow the hospital base as much as possible, since we are not charging anything for the users the process of acquiring will be much easier in comparison to the business charging the consumer. The commission will be charged on the bill of the patient generated by the hospital whose request was accepted first so that it is fair for all the hospitals that charge higher for the some emergency procedures to the hospitals who charge less. In case of government hospitals, we do not charge anything so that quality treatment is available to each and every citizen in the country.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />


## VISION OF THE COMPANY
We as the creators of the product see it as the next Uber for Hospitals in India in the coming 5 years. Due to the reason that this app is a necessity, our vision is to partner with Google (Android) and Apple (iOS) to make ours a system app in their respective Operating Systems as our mission of launching this will only be accomplished when we see the app in every single smartphone in the country. <br /><br /><br /><br /><br />


